# About this Project

## Project Description
This project is to be used a reference for semi-complex standard SQL for any developers wishing to learn it.
This project also serves as an example of my abilities in the field of Database Management.

## About the Files in this Repository

### Teams.csv
`Teams.csv` is a makeshift database for various generic sports teams. Each team has many different fields, all noted on the first line of the file.
The information in the file is strictly fictious, and is meant to represent a sports league.
All of the teams represented in the database use the capital city of the U.S. State they claim to be from.

### queries.sql
`queries.sql` is a SQL file containing a collection various standard SQL queries.
These queries can be entered into a database application like SQL Server or Microsoft Access and be manipulated according to the provided queries.

#### Manager Names and Phone Numbers
All the Manager Names found in `queries.sql` were generated by the following resource: https://www.behindthename.com/random/ .
The phone numbers were randomly generated, only keeping the corresponding area for the U.S. State for each number as appropriate.

If you want me (Nicholas S. Blits) to remove any of the values for either a Manager's Name or Phone Number from this sample database, please contact me at either my email or LinkedIn as seen later in this file.

### References Between Files
Any reference of dbo.Teams found in `queries.sql` refers to the miniature database built through the file `Team.csv`. 
This includes the `Manager_ID` and `Team_Code` fields that are part of every query beginning with the keywords `INSERT INTO`.

# Credits

## Copyright Notice
Outside of any external resources used, all the code in this repository has been created by Nicholas S. Blits. In order for any changes to this repository to be made, including further releases developed by other parties, Nicholas Blits must be contacted at one of the following methods listed in a later portion of this 

### Reserved Developer Rights
I, Nicholas S. Blits, reserve the right to deny any and all requests to make changes to any file(s) in this repository.

### Legal Action Disclaimer

Any unwarranted plagiarism of the code found in the files of this repository will result in a legal response as appropriate. By using the files found here in any way, shape, or form, users are expected to give credit to the appropriate developer(s).

## Contact Information

### Nicholas Blits - Head Database Designer

E-mail: nicholasblits05@yahoo.com

LinkedIn: https://bit.ly/NBlitsLinkedIn